ah hiccups so annoying right there's
nothing more aggravating than getting
repeatedly interrupted by yourself in
the middle of a conversation and they're
hard to hide and never seem to go away
just super awkward and uncomfortable in
any social situation is there anything
we can do besides just wait for the
hiccups to release their grip what even
causes this irritating bodily function
well hiccups starting your diaphragm you
know that sheet of muscle between your
lungs and stomach that makes you inhale
and exhale if your diaphragm gets
irritated it'll spasm causing you to
unexpectedly suck in air the air that
sent back up hit your vocal cords and
that's what creates the distinctive
sound so then what's so irritating well
for me it's loud obnoxious self-absorbed
people oh we're still talking about the
diaphragm well in that case eating too
much too quickly your favorite soda
feeling nervous or excited like on a
date the worst time for hiccups and even
stress luckily there are some natural
remedies you can use to kick those
annoying hiccups to the curb and some
will even work in a pinch ow getting rid
of the hiccups is all about distracting
the brain to stop those spasms in the
diaphragm number one ice cold water goes
all down a cold glass of water as
quickly as you can the cold water will
shock the system and distract it from
the hiccups you can even set down a
piece or two of ice it'll have the same
effect
protip adding honey to your icy glass of
water will stop your hiccups right away
number two
hold your breath inhale deeply and hold
your breath for as long as you can
exhale in a controlled way repeat this
cycle until your hiccups stop this is a
great tip to use if you're out with
friends or on a dinner date just excuse
yourself to the restroom and return to
the table hiccup free 3 sugar come here
give me some sugar
get a teaspoon of white or brown sugar
and hold it in your mouth
for about 5 seconds allow the sugar to
dissolve without chewing it wash it down
with a sip of water and presto the great
thing about this remedy is that it's
kid-friendly they may not be able to
hold their breath or chug icy water and
what kid doesn't want sugar number four
vinegar hey kids hey it may not taste as
pleasant as sugar but it'll do the trick
swallow 1/2 a teaspoon of white malt or
apple cider vinegar wash it down with a
glass of water you could also mix a
whole teaspoon of your vinegar with a
little water might make a go down easier
5 peanut butter mmm delicious
my granny swears by this age-old remedy
put 1 teaspoon of peanut butter in your
mouth and hold it there I know it's
tempting but don't chew it
after a few seconds swallow it got milk
if you need to drink some water
protip if you have a peanut allergy
almond butter will work too 6 lemon this
is another quick fix that's perfect if
you're out on the town grab a lemon from
the table you may want to do this one in
the bathroom to squeeze the lemon juice
into your mouth at least a half a
teaspoon the sourness will make you
wanna swallow it hard and quickly and
this will interrupt to stop your hiccups
you can also squeeze the juice of the
whole lemon into a half a glass of water
and drink it quickly either way your
hiccups will hit the road 7 chamomile
this is an herb with muscle relaxing
properties so it will relax the
diaphragm and stop the spasms that are
causing your hiccups the deep relaxation
that chamomile causes is why it's so
popular in teas and essential oils its
yummy too so make yourself a hot cup of
chamomile tea let the teabags
steep in the hot water for at least 5
minutes drink it slowly and your hiccups
will go away enjoy the relaxation too
number 8 picture nose and swallow this
method may not be the quickest fix but
it'll work keep your mouth closed
pinch your nose continue to swallow
normally do this as long as you can
until you need to take a break for air
you may feel the sensation that your
ears are about to pop but they shouldn't
this interrupts your normal breathing
pattern so it should interrupt your
hiccups to nine COFF or burp choose your
weapon wisely try to count how many
seconds there are between your hiccups
when you anticipate the next one
Koff or make yourself burp this will
cause your diaphragm and the muscles
around it to start working in a
different way which will interrupt your
hiccup pattern repeat until your hiccups
are gone
number 10 swallow with your mouth open
the sensation will feel weird at first
but you'll get used to it quickly sit
down and get comfortable and also be
sure you aren't wearing any tight
clothes that might restrict your
diaphragm
open your mouth wide as soon as you feel
the need to swallow do so but make sure
to keep your mouth open you may have a
hiccup or to escape but repeat every few
seconds and your hiccups will disappear
in a few minutes eleven scare those
hiccups away does this old wives tale
work well in theory it does but the
scare must be genuine
you can't know it's coming when you get
startled and jump the release of
adrenaline and your body tensing up both
affect the diaphragm which will
interrupt your breathing pattern
similarly your sharp intake of breath as
you gasp will interrupt your breathing
pattern too and in turn your hiccups I'm
sure you've got a friend or two who
would love to give you
good scare number 12 swallowing three
times see how much time you have between
hiccups when you're ready try to quickly
swallow three times in between them this
takes a lot of muscle control in your
throat and abdomen and it may be
difficult at first but it'll pay off the
muscle control that's required to do
this little exercise get your diaphragm
back under control which will stop your
hiccups thirteen take a hot bath run
yourself a nice warm bath heat is a good
way to relax any muscle including the
diaphragm protip add a muscle soak to
your bath and a few drops of eucalyptus
essential oil to promote deep relaxing
breathing ah sounds groovy but at the
end of your luxurious bath your hiccups
should be gone 14 breathe essential oils
speaking of essential oils as we were
add some drops of eucalyptus bergamot or
lavender to your diffuser and breathe
deeply you can also use incense if you
prefer these scents will have a calming
effect and should relax your diaphragm
and restore your normal breathing
pattern and your hiccups will leave to
go find their own bliss 15 warm milk
love it or hate it warm milk has a
calming effect as good as any essential
oil which is why its associated with
good sleep for children milk also
contains magnesium which is known to
relax muscle tissue this warm drink will
relax your diaphragm and the rest of
your body and your hiccups should
subside 16 stand on your head what wait
seriously yes if you can and only if
you're well-practiced standing on your
head turns the diaphragm upside down
shocking it out of spasms it's also a
good distraction for you that will
completely change up your breathing
which is good for interrupting that
hiccup pattern you probably shouldn't do
this one in public though 17 stick your
tongue out hard
yep that's another non-public one
sticking your tongue out as far as it
will possibly go
work a nerve that's connected to your
diaphragm stimulating this nerve will
get your diaphragm spasms under control
stopping your hiccups in their tracks
now if you're lucky enough to find
someone else with the hiccups then maybe
you both can have a contest 18 distract
yourself this may not be the quickest
fix but it'll work even before you
realize it the more you think about your
hiccups the more intense they seem to
get and the longer they seem to stick
around so try reading a book watching
your favorite TV show play a video game
before you know it a couple of hours
will have gone by and you'll notice that
your hiccups have gone away along with
the time this method is all about
putting you in relaxation or happy place
mode if you're doing something you enjoy
your diaphragm will relax and stop spasm
a nineteen hot sauce well consuming a
lot of spicy food can cause hiccups
swallowing just a drop or two of hot
sauce will totally distract the body
from area cups although it might be
unpleasant or maybe you love the hot
stuff I don't know the heat will
certainly change up your breathing
pattern and your body will be busy doing
some serious temperature control you and
your diaphragm will forget all about
your hiccups woohoo if you learn
something from this video then give it a
like and share it with a friend
but don't go standing on your head just
yet we've got thousands of cool videos
for you to check out just click on the
left or the right video and enjoy and
remember stay on the bright side of
lives